Small changes in add-module.rst (#1202)
OGGM/oggm: docs/add-module.rst

Ideally, we would have your module added to the main codebase: this ensures
consistency of the code and continuous testing. However, there are several
reasons why making your own repository can be useful:

- complying to OGGM's strict testing rules can be annoying, especially in the
  early stages of the development of a model
- with you own repository you have full control on it's development while

>   still being able to use the OGGM workflow and multi-processing capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  still being able to use the OGGM workflow and multiprocessing capabilities
```
